DOCS-10896: Add exchange asset uploadv2 command (#489)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-platform-cli-commands.adoc

|===
|Command |Description
|<<exchange asset upload>> | Uploads an Exchange asset

> |<<exchange asset uploadv2>> | Uploads an Exchange asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<<exchange asset uploadv2>> | Uploads an Exchange asset using Exchange Experience API v2
```

| `--classifier` | Valid asset classifiers are `oas`, `raml`, `wsdl`, `http`, and `custom`.
|===

=== exchange asset uploadv2

----
> exchange asset uploadv2 [properties] <assetIdentifier>
----

> Upload a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy and connector asset. Basic example to upload a raml asset: exchange asset uploadv2 --name "Raml Asset" --description "RAML" --properties.apiVersion v1 --properties.mainFile api.raml --files.raml.zip /..../file-path/raml.zip raml-asset/1.0.0. Describing the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy and connector asset.```

> Upload a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy and connector asset. Basic example to upload a raml asset: exchange asset uploadv2 --name "Raml Asset" --description "RAML" --properties.apiVersion v1 --properties.mainFile api.raml --files.raml.zip /..../file-path/raml.zip raml-asset/1.0.0. Describing the asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upload a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy or connector asset. 
```

Argument "assetIdentifier" should be formatted as follows: ([group_id]/)<asset_id>/<version>. If "group_id" is not specified, it will default to the currently selected Organization ID.

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
| Command | Description |  Example

> | `--apiVersion` | Asset API version .4+<.<|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--name` | Asset name (required) .4+<.<|
```

> `exchange asset upload --apiVersion 1.0 --name testProject --classifier custom`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`exchange asset uploadv2 --name "Raml Asset" --description "RAML" --properties.apiVersion v1 --properties.mainFile api.raml --files.raml.zip /..../file-path/raml.zip raml-asset/1.0.0`
```

> `exchange asset upload --mainFile 'api.yml'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`exchange asset uploadv2 --files.mule-application.jar /..../file-path/mule-app.jar --files.pom /..../file-path/mule-app.pom fa7b266c-3817-4cbb-ae49-7f3cc6c8cd9e/my-mule-app/1.0.0`
```

> | `--name` |Asset name 
> | `--mainFile` | Main file of the API asset 
> | `--classifier` | Valid asset classifiers are `oas`, `raml`, `wsdl`, `http`, and `custom`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `--name` | Asset name (required).
    | `--description` | Asset description (optional).
    | `--type` | Asset Type. (required if no file is uploaded. If it is uploaded, type will be inferred from the classifier of the file. Supported Values: 'rest-api', 'soap-api', 'http-api', 'raml-fragment', 'custom', 'connector', 'template', 'example', 'policy', 'app', 'extension', 'external-library'
    | `--keywords` | Keywords (optional)')
    | `--dependencies` | Asset dependencies, separated by ",". Ex: dependencies groupId:assetId:version,groupId2...
    | `--properties` | Asset properties. Should be used as "properties.mainFile main.yaml", "properties.apiVersion v1" or "properties.assetLink http://api.com"
    | `--files` | Asset file. (it should be identified as "classifier.packaging" or just "packaging". Ex: "files.raml.zip .../file-path/raml.zip") (to send multiple files, use the same option multiple times. Example: --files.custom.zip custom.zip --files.pom.xml pom.xml)
```

| `--classifier` | Valid asset classifiers are `oas`, `raml`, `wsdl`, `http`, and `custom`.
|===

=== exchange asset uploadv2

----
> exchange asset uploadv2 [properties] <assetIdentifier>
----

> Upload a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy and connector asset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This command uploads a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy, or connector asset using the ID passed in <assetIdentifier>.
```

> Argument "assetIdentifier" should be formatted as follows: ([group_id]/)<asset_id>/<version>. If "group_id" is not specified, it will default to the currently selected Organization ID.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following format for the _assetIdentifier_ argument: `([_group_id_]/)_asset_id_/_version_. If _group_id_ is not specified, it defaults to the currently selected organization ID.
```

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
| Command | Description |  Example

> | `--name` | Asset name (required) .4+<.<|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `--name` (required) | Asset name .4+<.<|
```

`exchange asset uploadv2 --name "Raml Asset" --description "RAML" --properties.apiVersion v1 --properties.mainFile api.raml --files.raml.zip /..../file-path/raml.zip raml-asset/1.0.0`

`exchange asset uploadv2 --files.mule-application.jar /..../file-path/mule-app.jar --files.pom /..../file-path/mule-app.pom fa7b266c-3817-4cbb-ae49-7f3cc6c8cd9e/my-mule-app/1.0.0`

>     | `--name` | Asset name (required)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--name` (required)| Asset name 
```

>     | `--description` | Asset description (optional)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--description` | Asset description
```

>     | `--type` | Asset Type. (required if no file is uploaded. If it is uploaded, type will be inferred from the classifier of the file. Supported Values: 'rest-api', 'soap-api', 'http-api', 'raml-fragment', 'custom', 'connector', 'template', 'example', 'policy', 'app', 'extension', 'external-library'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--type` | Asset type
    
    Required if no file is uploaded. If it is uploaded, type is inferred from the classifier of the file.
    
    Supported Values: `rest-api`, `soap-api`, `http-api`, `raml-fragment`, `custom`, `connector`, `template`, `example`, `policy`, `app`, `extension`, `external-library`
```

>     | `--keywords` | Keywords (optional)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--keywords` | Keywords
```

>     | `--dependencies` | Asset dependencies, separated by ",". Ex: dependencies groupId:assetId:version,groupId2...

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--dependencies` | Asset dependencies, separated by ",". |`groupId:assetId:version,groupId2:assetId:version`
```

>     | `--properties` | Asset properties. Should be used as "properties.mainFile main.yaml", "properties.apiVersion v1" or "properties.assetLink http://api.com"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--properties` | Asset properties | `properties.mainFile main.yaml`
    
    `properties.apiVersion v1`
    
    `properties.assetLink \http://api.com`
```

>     | `--files` | Asset file. (it should be identified as "classifier.packaging" or just "packaging". Ex: "files.raml.zip .../file-path/raml.zip") (to send multiple files, use the same option multiple times. Example: --files.custom.zip custom.zip --files.pom.xml pom.xml)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    | `--files` | Asset file, identified as `classifier.packaging` or `packaging`, for example, `files.raml.zip .../file-path/raml.zip`

To send multiple files, use the same option multiple times.  |
 `--files.custom.zip custom.zip --files.pom.xml pom.xml`
```

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Command | Description |  Example

> |`--name` | Asset name (required) .2+<.<|

Reviewer: we should not change this part

Reviewer 2: Exactly, this is asset modify. We shouldn't change this. 

Additionally, this table is formatted incorrectly.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62706868/117006816-4453b680-acbf-11eb-9caa-7c4e594151da.png)

Reviewer 3: @sbehrends Should the asset modify changes be discarded?

Reviewer 3: @LucasLudueno , @constanzaderienzo  - should we discard the changes to asset modify? I fixed the table formatting. Can you re-review? Thanks.

Reviewer 2: Correct, the changes to `asset modify` should be discarded. The only change should be to add the `uploadv2` command.

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Command | Description |  Example

> |`--name` | Asset name (required) .2+<.<|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`--name` (required) | Asset name .2+<.<|
```

| `--classifier` | Valid asset classifiers are `oas`, `raml`, `wsdl`, `http`, and `custom`.
|===

=== exchange asset uploadv2

----
> exchange asset uploadv2 [properties] <assetIdentifier>
----

This command uploads a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy, or connector asset using the ID passed in <assetIdentifier>.

Use the following format for the _assetIdentifier_ argument: `([_group_id_]/)_asset_id_/_version_. If _group_id_ is not specified, it defaults to the currently selected organization ID.

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
| Command | Description |  Example

> | `--name` (required) | Asset name .4+<.<|

Reviewer 2: Name property is duplicated

`exchange asset uploadv2 --name "Raml Asset" --description "RAML" --properties.apiVersion v1 --properties.mainFile api.raml --files.raml.zip /..../file-path/raml.zip raml-asset/1.0.0`

`exchange asset uploadv2 --files.mule-application.jar /..../file-path/mule-app.jar --files.pom /..../file-path/mule-app.pom fa7b266c-3817-4cbb-ae49-7f3cc6c8cd9e/my-mule-app/1.0.0`
    | `--name` (required)| Asset name 
    | `--description` | Asset description
    | `--type` | Asset type
    
    Required if no file is uploaded. If it is uploaded, type is inferred from the classifier of the file.
    
    Supported Values: `rest-api`, `soap-api`, `http-api`, `raml-fragment`, `custom`, `connector`, `template`, `example`, `policy`, `app`, `extension`, `external-library`
    | `--keywords` | Keywords
    | `--dependencies` | Asset dependencies, separated by ",". |`groupId:assetId:version,groupId2:assetId:version`
    | `--properties` | Asset properties | `properties.mainFile main.yaml`
    

>     `properties.apiVersion v1`

Reviewer 2: The code formatting is not working on `properties.apiVersion v1` and `properties.assetLink \http://api.com` (I assume the intention was for them to look like `properties.mainFile main.yaml`)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62706868/117336892-131be780-ae73-11eb-84b4-8afe6d5f3f76.png)

Reviewer 3: Fixed

    
    `properties.assetLink \http://api.com`

>     | `--files` | Asset file, identified as `classifier.packaging` or `packaging`, for example, `files.raml.zip .../file-path/raml.zip`

Reviewer 2: The formatting for this table is incorrect. 
The commands are name, description, type, keywords, dependencies, properties and files. 
I'm seeing the `--dependencies`, `--properties` and `--files` at the Examples column.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62706868/117335954-16fb3a00-ae72-11eb-9aeb-48a50baf447b.png)

Reviewer 3: Fixed

| `--classifier` | Valid asset classifiers are `oas`, `raml`, `wsdl`, `http`, and `custom`.
|===

=== exchange asset uploadv2

----
> exchange asset uploadv2 [properties] <assetIdentifier>
----

> This command uploads a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, custom, app, template, example, policy, or connector asset using the ID passed in <assetIdentifier>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command uploads a rest-api, soap-api, http-api, raml-fragment, custom, app, template, example, policy, extension, external-library or connector asset using the ID passed in <assetIdentifier>.
```

Use the following format for the _assetIdentifier_ argument:

> `([_groupID_])_assetID_/_version_`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`([_groupID_]/)_assetID_/_version_`
```

If _group_id_ is not specified, it defaults to the currently selected organization ID.

[%header,cols="40a,30a,30a"]
|===
| Command | Description |  Example

> | `--name` (required) | Asset name .3+|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--name` | Asset name (required if no pom file is uploaded) .3+|
```
```suggestion
| `--name` (required) | Asset name .3+|
```

> | `--name` | Asset name (required if no pom file is uploaded) .3+|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--name` | Asset name (required if no pom file is specified) .3+|
```

`exchange asset uploadv2 --name "Raml Asset" --description "RAML" --properties.apiVersion v1 --properties.mainFile api.raml --files.raml.zip /..../file-path/raml.zip raml-asset/1.0.0`
| `--description` | Asset description 
| `--properties` | Asset properties 

For example:

* `properties.mainFile main.yaml`
* `properties.apiVersion v1`  
* `properties.assetLink \http://api.com`

| `--files` | Asset file, identified as `classifier.packaging` or `packaging`, for example, `files.raml.zip .../file-path/raml.zip`

To send multiple files, use the same option multiple times:

`--files.custom.zip custom.zip --files.pom.xml pom.xml` | `exchange asset uploadv2 --files.mule-application.jar /..../file-path/mule-app.jar --files.pom /..../file-path/mule-app.pom fa7b266c-3817-4cbb-ae49-7f3cc6c8cd9e/my-mule-app/1.0.0`
| `--type` | Asset type  

> Required if no file is uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required if no file is specified.
```

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Command | Description |  Example

> |`--name` (required) | Asset name .2+<.<|

Reviewer 2: This should be reverted.
The **only** change should be the addition of the `uploadv2`, no other command should be modified.

Reviewer 3: Reverted

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Command | Description |  Example

> |`--name` (required) | Asset name .2+| `exchange asset modify --name newName --tags test,sample`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`--name` | New asset name .2+<.<| `exchange asset modify --name newName --tags test,sample`
```

|===
|Command | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New asset name .2+<.<| `exchange asset modify --name newName --tags test,sample`

> |`--tags` | Comma-separated tags for the asset |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|`--tags` | Comma-separated tags for the asset 
```
Remove the extra pipe character (`|`)
Otherwise the table will display incorrectly.
